Updating an invitation information (#1208)
magento/merchdocs: src/customers/account-dashboard-my-invitations.md

![]({% link images/images-ee/account-dashboard-my-invitations.png %}){: .zoom}
_[My Invitations]({% link marketing/invitations.md %})_{:.ee-only}

## Send invitation

> 1. In the sidebar of your customer account, choose **My Invitations**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the sidebar of their account on the storefront, the customer chooses **My Invitations**.
```
